README.md, before:

# Attacktive

I'm a random GitHub user.

I enjoy writing code about random things.

I usually prefer...
- <kbd>Tab</kbd> over <kbd>Space</kbd>,
- braces over indentation,
- static typing over dynamic typing,
- verbosity over conciseness,
- being explicit over being implicit,
- single return over multiple returns.

<br>

![Statistics](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Attacktive/github-stats/master/generated/overview.svg "Statistics")
![Languages](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Attacktive/github-stats/master/generated/languages.svg "Languages")
![Activities](https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=Attacktive&theme=vue "Activities")

<br>

Usually work with

![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white ".Net")
![Apache Maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache_maven-C71A36?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachemaven&logoColor=white "Apache Maven")
![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/gradle-02303A?style=for-the-badge&logo=gradle&logoColor=white "Gradle")
![JUnit5](https://img.shields.io/badge/Junit5-25A162?style=for-the-badge&logo=junit5&logoColor=white "JUnit5")
![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&logoColor=white "Spring")
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white "Node.js")
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB "React")
![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D "Vue.js")

Using

![Intellij IDEA](https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ_IDEA-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white "Intellij IDEA")
![WebStorm](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebStorm-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=WebStorm&logoColor=white "WebStorm")
![PyCharm](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyCharm-000000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=PyCharm&logoColor=white "PyCharm")
![Rider](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rider-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=Rider&logoColor=white "Rider")

![Vim](https://img.shields.io/badge/VIM-%2311AB00.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=vim&logoColor=white "Vim")
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white "VS Code")
![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio&logoColor=white "Visual Studio")
![Replit](https://img.shields.io/badge/replit-667881?style=for-the-badge&logo=replit&logoColor=white "Replit")

Have worked on

![Linux Mint](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux_Mint-87CF3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux-mint&logoColor=white "Linux Mint")
![Kali Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kali_Linux-557C94?style=for-the-badge&logo=kali-linux&logoColor=white "Kali Linux")
![Ubuntu](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white "Ubuntu")
![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white "Windows")
![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white "Android")

Can read/write better than English

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white "Java")

Don't suck at

![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white "C#")
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-0095D5?&style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white "Kotlin")
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E "JavaScript")

Elementary-level user of

![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white "TypeScript")
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white "PHP")
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-FFD43B?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=blue "Python")
![Scala](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scala-DC322F?style=for-the-badge&logo=scala&logoColor=white "Scala")
![Shell script](https://img.shields.io/badge/Shell_Script-121011?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white "Shell script")

Interested in learning

![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white "TypeScript")
![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-0175C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white "Dart")
![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-FA7343?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white "Swift")
![Haskell](https://img.shields.io/badge/Haskell-5D4F85?style=for-the-badge&logo=haskell&logoColor=white "Haskell")

![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white "Jest")
![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white "Angular")
![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-4A4A55?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=FF3E00 "Svelte")
![Deno](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deno-464647?style=for-the-badge&logo=deno&logoColor=white "Deno")

Disliked languages

![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white "C")
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white "C++")
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E "JavaScript")
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white "PHP")
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-FFD43B?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=blue "Python")

```
// TODO: What else? 💀
```

Commit message:

See https://github.com/Attacktive/attacktive.github.io/commit/fd817cfc0f5a13108a75d610bc42dd70b8b6d4f4 from refs/heads/main

README.md, after:

# Attacktive

I'm a random GitHub user.

I enjoy writing code about random things.

I usually prefer...
- <kbd>Tab</kbd> over <kbd>Space</kbd>,
- braces over indentation,
- static typing over dynamic typing,
- verbosity over conciseness,
- being explicit over being implicit,
- single return over multiple returns.

<br>

![Statistics](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Attacktive/github-stats/master/generated/overview.svg "Statistics")
![Languages](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Attacktive/github-stats/master/generated/languages.svg "Languages")
![Activities](https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=Attacktive&theme=vue "Activities")

<br>

Usually work with

![Apache Maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache_maven-C71A36?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachemaven&logoColor=white "Apache Maven")
![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/gradle-02303A?style=for-the-badge&logo=gradle&logoColor=white "Gradle")
![JUnit5](https://img.shields.io/badge/Junit5-25A162?style=for-the-badge&logo=junit5&logoColor=white "JUnit5")
![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&logoColor=white "Spring")
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white "Node.js")
![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D "Vue.js")

Using

![Intellij IDEA](https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ_IDEA-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white "Intellij IDEA")
![WebStorm](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebStorm-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=WebStorm&logoColor=white "WebStorm")
![PyCharm](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyCharm-000000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=PyCharm&logoColor=white "PyCharm")
![Rider](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rider-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=Rider&logoColor=white "Rider")

![Vim](https://img.shields.io/badge/VIM-%2311AB00.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=vim&logoColor=white "Vim")
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white "VS Code")
![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio&logoColor=white "Visual Studio")
![Replit](https://img.shields.io/badge/replit-667881?style=for-the-badge&logo=replit&logoColor=white "Replit")

Running

![Ubuntu](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white "Ubuntu")
![Pop!_OS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pop!_OS-48B9C7?style=for-the-badge&logo=Pop!_OS&logoColor=white)
![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white "Windows")
![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white "Android")

Can read/write better than English

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white "Java")

Not bad at

![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white "C#")
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-0095D5?&style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white "Kotlin")
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E "JavaScript")

Interested in learning

![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white "TypeScript")
![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-0175C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white "Dart")
![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-FA7343?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white "Swift")
![Haskell](https://img.shields.io/badge/Haskell-5D4F85?style=for-the-badge&logo=haskell&logoColor=white "Haskell")

![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white "Jest")
![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white "Angular")
![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-4A4A55?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=FF3E00 "Svelte")
![Deno](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deno-464647?style=for-the-badge&logo=deno&logoColor=white "Deno")

Disliked languages

![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white "C")
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white "C++")
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E "JavaScript")
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white "PHP")
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-FFD43B?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=blue "Python")

badges taken from [Awesome Badges](https://dev.to/envoy_/150-badges-for-github-pnk)

```
// TODO: What else? 💀
```
